com.example.raul.myapplicationani.MyActivity
com.example.raul.myapplicationani.MyActivity: MyActivity()
com.example.raul.myapplicationani.MyActivity: void pasarActividad2(android.view.View)
com.example.raul.myapplicationani.MyActivity2
com.example.raul.myapplicationani.MyActivity2: MyActivity2()
com.example.raul.myapplicationani.MyActivity2: void regresarActividad1(android.view.View)
com.example.raul.myapplicationani.R$dimen: int activity_horizontal_margin
com.example.raul.myapplicationani.R$dimen: int activity_vertical_margin
com.example.raul.myapplicationani.R$drawable: int ale
com.example.raul.myapplicationani.R$drawable: int ale1
com.example.raul.myapplicationani.R$drawable: int george
com.example.raul.myapplicationani.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
com.example.raul.myapplicationani.R$drawable: int rec1
com.example.raul.myapplicationani.R$drawable: int rectangulo
com.example.raul.myapplicationani.R$drawable: int udlap
com.example.raul.myapplicationani.R$id: int action_settings
com.example.raul.myapplicationani.R$id: int button
com.example.raul.myapplicationani.R$id: int button2
com.example.raul.myapplicationani.R$id: int imageView
com.example.raul.myapplicationani.R$id: int imageView2
com.example.raul.myapplicationani.R$id: int imageView3
com.example.raul.myapplicationani.R$id: int imageView5
com.example.raul.myapplicationani.R$id: int textView
com.example.raul.myapplicationani.R$id: int textView2
com.example.raul.myapplicationani.R$id: int textView3
com.example.raul.myapplicationani.R$layout: int activity_my
com.example.raul.myapplicationani.R$layout: int activity_my_activity2
com.example.raul.myapplicationani.R$layout: int menubase
com.example.raul.myapplicationani.R$menu: int my
com.example.raul.myapplicationani.R$menu: int my_activity2
com.example.raul.myapplicationani.R$string: int action_settings
com.example.raul.myapplicationani.R$string: int app_name
com.example.raul.myapplicationani.R$string: int hello_world
com.example.raul.myapplicationani.R$string: int title_activity_my_activity2
com.example.raul.myapplicationani.R$style: int AppTheme
